Add lambda nav item (#29422)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/observability_pipelines/lambda_forwarder/deploy_forwarder.md

> Follow the [Datadog Forwarder CloudFormation installation instructions][10015] to deploy the Datadog Forwarder. After you have filled in `DdApiKey` and selected the appropriate `DdSite`, go to the **Log Forwarding (Optional)** section. Enter the following information in that section to set up the Forwarder to send logs to Observability Pipelines:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the [Datadog Forwarder CloudFormation installation instructions][10015] to deploy the Datadog Forwarder. After you have filled in `DdApiKey` and selected the appropriate `DdSite`, go to the **Log Forwarding (Optional)** section. Enter the following information in that section to configure the Forwarder for sending logs to Observability Pipelines:
```
small changes to avoid the use of `to` three times.
